Fixes #3653 - Adds SRA Altitudes for EGAA, EGPF & EGPK (#3675)
VATSIM-UK/UK-Sector-File: .github/CHANGELOG.md

19. AIRAC (2105) - Southend (EGMC) STAR changes - thanks to @robbo599 (Lee Roberts)
20. Error - Corrected Luton (EGGW) STAR runways - thanks to @GeekPro101 (Thomas Mills)
21. AIRAC (2105) - Updated Doncaster (EGCN) SMR with new stands and hold point - thanks to @robbo599 (Lee Roberts)

> 22. Enhancement - [Freetext] SRA Altitudes for EGAA EGPF EGPK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
22. Enhancement - SRA Altitudes for EGAA, EGPF & EGPK - thanks to @[your username here] (Your name here)
```
